fix(shared): Invitations depends on wrong options (useOrganization) (#2472)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/thirty-cooks-cheer.md

---
'@clerk/shared': patch
---

> Bug fix: Invitations from useOrganization depends on options of membership.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes a bug where Invitations from `useOrganization` incorrectly depended on options for memberships.
```
